Option on retrieving AML token via REST API (#111592)
Azure/azure-content: articles/machine-learning/how-to-authenticate-online-endpoint.md

For more information on using Azure RBAC with Azure Machine Learning, see [Manage access to Azure Machine Learning](how-to-assign-roles.md).

> On the option to retrieve the token via REST API, see [Invoke the endpoint to score data with your model](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/how-to-deploy-with-rest?view=azureml-api-2#invoke-the-endpoint-to-score-data-with-your-model)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the option to retrieve the token via REST API, see [Invoke the endpoint to score data with your model](how-to-deploy-with-rest.md#invoke-the-endpoint-to-score-data-with-your-model).
```
